fix exporter intro shortcode for automatic to zero-code (#4719)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: layouts/shortcodes/docs/languages/exporters/intro.md

{{ end -}}

{{ $l := cond (eq $lang "dotnet") "net" $lang }}
{{ with $.Page.GetPage (print "/docs/zero-code/" $l "/configuration" ) }}

<div class="alert alert-info" role="alert"><h4 class="alert-heading">Note</h4>

> If you use [zero-code instrumentation](/docs/zero-code/{{ $l }}) you can learn how
> to setup exporters following the [Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use [zero-code instrumentation](/docs/zero-code/{{ $l }}), you can learn how
to set up exporters by following the [Configuration
```
